## Week 5 Reflection 

Week 5’s assignment focused on creating five functions that are checking or processing strings in different ways. The test code provided allowed me to see if my functions worked correctly. Comparing my work with the corrected version, I can see that this assignment was the one I struggled with the most. Overall, I thought I was starting to do better with the comments I was providing, however I can tell by comparing my work with the corrected version that I need to still include more comments and be even more descriptive with them. Furthermore, the first function focused on finding letters that appear in both words provided.I was successful in avoiding duplicate letters. Although, checking if the string is empty from the start would have made it easier as shown in the corrected version. The next function checks to see if a string has only letters. A mistake I need to improve on is to not let the code continue to check every character after finding one that isn’t a letter. In the corrected code once a non-letter is found it immediately stops. This is more efficient and can also save time. Moreover, the next function creates a palindrome. It writes the original strong and its reverse continues with it. An interesting error I made was doubling the middle character. For example, one of the tests included mad and expected madam as the return. My reversed string reversed the entire string including the middle letter d. It did not remove the extra d, creating an error. In order to avoid this for special strings, I needed to check the string length in order to avoid the middle letter appearing twice. The last function checks if a function is a palindrome, rather than the last function that generates palindromes. An improvement I need to make that I have seen throughout all the functions is returning false or none immediately if the input is empty. This will avoid the code from continuing to run.
